---
type: daily
date created: "2025-10-05"
tags:
  - daily
---
	
	
# 2025-10-05 
	
## ðŸ”¸Daily Overview
	
- **Weather/Location:**  Sunny with a little bit of rain.
- **Mood/Intention:**  Good
- **Primary Focus:** What is the most important thing you want to accomplish today?  Learn about prompt Engineering and start implementing it.
	
### ðŸŒŸFeeling levels
	
- **Motivation:**  Decent
- **Stress:**  Medium to Low
- **Physical Energy:**  Medium to High
- **Mental Energy:**  Medium to High
	
## ðŸˆMorning Reflection
	
> [!document]
> *How is this morning?*
- What are you grateful for this morning?  My cats
- What challenges do you anticipate?  How can you approach them with patience and creativity?  Focusing, I should look into different focusing techniques.
	
### ðŸŽ£Tasks for Today
	
> [!tasks]
> *List 3 Task's to accomplish today, from most important to least.*
* [ ] **High Priority:**  Continue Learning about Prompt Engineering.

- [ ] **Secondary:**  Read "The Prompt Report."
- [ ] **Tertiary:**  Create Prompts using prompt engineering techniques.
	
### ðŸ’¯ Tasks Completed Yesterday	
	
> [!tasks]
> *This task query lists all tasks you completed on the previous day. Completed tasks will appear here automatically.*

```dataview
TASK 
WHERE completed
WHERE completion = (date(today) - dur(1 day))
GROUP BY file.link
```

```dataview 
TASK
WHERE !completed
WHERE file.cday = (date(today) - dur(1 day))
GROUP BY file.link
```

## âœ’ï¸ Journal Entries
 
## ðŸš€Evening Reflection
	
> [!tasks]
> *List 2-3 Tasks you want to accomplish for tomorrow. Order them from most actionable to least.*
1. 
2. 
3. 
	
> [!document]
> *How your day went or is going.*
- What went well today?  Celebrate small victories.
	- 
- What challenges did you face?  How did you respond?  What would you do differently?
	- 
- What did you learn about yourself or the world today?
	- 
- How can you refine your system to better support tomorrow?
	- 
	
___
 