---
type: daily
date created: "2025-10-13"
tags:
  - daily
---
	
	
# 2025-10-13 
	
# ðŸ”¸Daily Overview
	
- **Weather/Location:**  Decent the temps are starting to come down.
- **Mood/Intention:**  Okay had some trouble early this morning doing better now though.
- **Primary Focus:** What is the most important thing you want to accomplish today?  Learn more about how to improve and work in the PKB.
	
## ðŸŒŸFeeling levels
	
- **Motivation:**  Good
- **Stress:**  Low
- **Physical Energy:** Medium to High 
- **Mental Energy:**  Medium to High
	
## ðŸˆMorning Reflection
	
> [!document]
> How is this morning?

- What are you grateful for this morning? My Parents, Mom, and Dad.  
- What challenges do you anticipate?  How can you approach them with patience and creativity?  Anxiety and remember to always breathe and relax.
	
# ðŸŽ£Tasks for Today
	
> [!tasks]
> List 3 Task's to accomplish today, from most important to least.
* [ ] **High Priority:** Learn and start to work with ? Mermaid Charts in the PKB.
- [ ] **Secondary:** Learn different ways of improving the PKB.
- [ ] **Tertiary:** Learn about prompting.
	
## ðŸ’¯ Tasks of Yesterday	
	
> [!tasks]
> This task query lists all tasks you completed on the previous day. Completed tasks will appear here automatically.

### Completed Tasks from Yesterday

```Dataview
TASK
WHERE completed
WHERE completion = (date(today) - dur(1 day))
GROUP BY file.link
```

### *Uncompleted Tasks from Yesterday

```Dataview
TASK
WHERE !completed
WHERE file.cday = (date(today) - dur(1 day))
GROUP BY file.link
```

## âœ’ï¸ Journal Entries
 

## ðŸš€Evening Reflection
	
> [!tasks]
> List 2-3 Tasks you want to accomplish for tomorrow. Order them from most actionable to least.
1. 
2. 
3. 
	
> [!document]
> How your day went or is going.
- What went well today?  Celebrate small victories.
	- 
- What challenges did you face?  How did you respond?  What would you do differently?
	- 
- What did you learn about yourself or the world today?
	- 
- How can you refine your system to better support tomorrow?
	
___